Your acceptance of this proposal will constitute a CONTRACT between us. We are prepared to start this work ten (10) days after receipt of signed CONTRACT, weather permitting.  This CONTRACT may be canceled by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice of cancellation. This CONTRACT shall be for an INITIAL PERIOD OF ONE YEAR, and will renew Itself annually unless either party cancels the agreement by giving thirty (30) days written notice before any renewal date. After this contract has been in force for one (1) year, annually, On January 1st, prices will automatically increase four percent (4%). This proposal shall be considered as withdrawn by us if not accepted within thirty (30) days. It is mutually agreed that A facsimile copy of this document and its signatures are equal to its original and its signatures. Applicable service taxes will be added to above prices.  The prices quoted above are with the understanding that we are to furnish all labor, material and necessary equipment necessary to perform the work in a workman-like manner according to standard practices. Contractor reserves the decision to work or not work regarding weather conditions. Rain generally will not stop the work. Books, papers, plants, etc. on the window sills or ledges must be removed and replaced by the occupants. Window washers are not permitted to move or replace furniture other than chairs.  Any alterations or deviations from above specifications involving extra costs will be executed only upon written orders. Unless specifically included above, prices do not include cleaning of frames or removal of tape, signs, paint, tar, mortar or similar foreign materials from the glass. We are responsible for customer damage and glass broken by our men, when our office is notified within 24 hours. Cracked or out of order windows will not be washed.  As a provision of this CONTRACT, you agree not to engage, either directly or indirectly, during this CONTRACT or for a period of two (2) years after termination of this CONTRACT, any Individual who is or has been an employee of our firm during that period. If you violate this provision of the CONTRACT, you agree to pay American National Skyline, Inc. an amount equal to 20% per annum of the annual CONTRACT amount for this CONTRACT or a period of two (2) years plus all costs of litigation and enforcement including reasonable Attorney's fees. We carry Comprehensive Contractor Liability, Multi-Million Umbrella Form Excess Liability, Blanket Broad Form Contractual Liability, Employee Fidelity Coverage and Completed Operations Insurance, as well as Statutory Workman’s Compensation and Excess Employer's Liability Insurance. Upon receipt of signed contract, the above named customer becomes additionally insured. Certificates of Insurance available, upon written request.  Terms: Net due ten (10) days : 1½% monthly service charge on past due accounts plus a minimum bookkeeping charge of $5.00. Further, as a condition of this CONTRACT, you agree to pay all costs of collection, including Attorney's fees, if this amount becomes delinquent.
